doc: update W&B related doc (#10086)
huggingface/transformers: examples/README.md

wandb.login()
```

> To enable logging to W&B, set `report_to` to `wandb` in your `TrainingArguments` or script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable logging to W&B, include `"wand"` in the `report_to` of your `TrainingArguments` or script. Or just pass along `--report_to all` if you have `wandb` installed.
```

Whenever you use `Trainer` or `TFTrainer` classes, your losses, evaluation metrics, model topology and gradients (for `Trainer` only) will automatically be logged.

Advanced configuration is possible by setting environment variables:

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="text-align:left">Environment Variables</th>
      <th style="text-align:left">Options</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">WANDB_LOG_MODEL</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Log the model as artifact at the end of training (<b>false</b> by default)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">WANDB_WATCH</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <ul>
          <li><b>gradients</b> (default): Log histograms of the gradients</li>
          <li><b>all</b>: Log histograms of gradients and parameters</li>
          <li><b>false</b>: No gradient or parameter logging</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">WANDB_PROJECT</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Organize runs by project</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">WANDB_DISABLED</td>

>       <td style="text-align:left">Set to <b>true</b> to disable logging entirely</td>

Reviewer: I would avoid documenting this env variable as it will be deprecated pretty soon (it's been on my TODO for a little bit): there is now a `report_to` argument in the `TrainingArguments` where you can select the integrations you want to use.

For now the default is all of them but in v5, we will switch to none, so it's a good habit to start using this flag :-)

Author: Great to know!

Reviewer: Sure, if you want to!

Author: Ok I added `report_to`. As for `WANDB_DISABLED` it seems to be currently the only way to disable wandb when it's installed and I know some people sometimes use it for tests. Maybe we should remove it when you set `report_to` to `None`.

Reviewer: Yeah I deprecated it in #10100, will remove it in v5 once the switch of default is done.

Reviewer: So if you just remove those two lines here, we'll be ready to merge!
